separate CMS webpack from main webpack (#2193)
concord-consortium/collaborative-learning: docs/cms.md

# Architecture
The CMS has two parts in CLUE. One is the CMS itself. The other is the document editor that is embedded inside of iframes inside of the CMS.

## The CMS itself
This is the code from Decap configured by us to render two custom components. This configuration is in `init-cms.ts`. This is not the typical configuration of the CMS. If you look at the docs, the common pattern is to have a yaml configuration file located in the repository with files being edited. And then a static html page loads in decap js from a CDN. This decap js then finds the configuration and then lets you start editing the files in the repository.

This approach was not flexible enough for us, so instead we configure Decap using the code in `init-cms.ts`. This file includes an embedded configuration which is dynamically changed depending on the url parameters. It also registers 3 custom widgets. We are only using 2 of these components: `clue` and `preview-link`.

These files are built using a build system separate from the main CLUE build system. This was done so that dependencies of CLUE and the CMS would not be tied together. This is all located in the `/cms/` folder.

### `preview-link`

> Is a widget that just display a link so authors can easily open CLUE and see the section they are currently editing. It has to load the Unit json to figure out where in the unit this current section is located. This location is needed to construct the problemOrdinal which is what is needed when launching CLUE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Is a widget that displays a link so authors can easily open CLUE and see the section they are currently editing. It has to load the Unit json to figure out where in the unit this current section is located. This location is needed to construct the `problemOrdinal` which is what is needed when launching CLUE.
```

## Remote build
In the CI (github actions), the toplevel `npm run build` is used. This will build both CLUE and the CMS. And then it will copy the files from `/cms/dist` to `/dist/cms`. Additional it copyes the file `/cms/dist/admin.html` to `/dist/admin.html`. This admin.html file refers to its resources in the cms folder like `cms/admin.js` and `cms/admin.css`. This file is called `admin.html` because that was its original name, and now various authors have direct links to it. So we don't want to change that name.

Currently the CMS build environment is not designed to be used with the release system that we use for the main part of CLUE. So authors cannot go to `https://collaborative-learning.concord.org/admin.html`. Instead most of these authors are using master for their authoring so they go to: `https://collaborative-learning.concord.org/branch/master/admin.html`. **We should fix this so we don't have to worry about breaking authoring when merging to master.**

# Notes on CMS page components

> Sometimes the components on the CMS page are reused and sometimes they reconstructed. This behavior has not effect on our current components, but it should be kept in mind if creating a custom component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes the components on the CMS page are reused and sometimes they are reconstructed. This behavior has no effect on our current components, but it should be kept in mind if creating a custom component.
```
